Button and link a11y docs (#924)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/Link/README.md

## Related components

- To create navigational actions that aren’t part of a line of text, [use the button component](/components/actions/button)

---

## Accessibility

<!-- content-for: web -->

### Structure

Use the `url` prop to give the link component a valid `href` value. This allows the element to be identified as a link to assistive technologies and gives it default keyboard support.

#### Submitting data

> Merchants generally expect links to navigate, and not to submit data or take action. If you need a component that doesn’t have a URL associated with it, then use a button component instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merchants generally expect links to navigate, and not to submit data or take action. If you need a component that doesn’t have a URL associated with it, then use the [button component](/components/actions/button) instead.
```

### Labeling

Give links text that clearly describes their purpose.

To provide consistency and clarity:

- Use the same text for links that navigate to the same content.
- Use different text for links that navigate to different content.

<!-- usageblock -->

#### Do

> ```JSX

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<Link url="https://help.shopify.com/manual">fulfilling orders</Link>
```

#### Don’t

> ```JSK

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<Link>fulfilling orders</Link>
```

#### Don’t

> ```JSX

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<Link url="https://help.shopify.com/manual">fulfilling orders</Link>
```

> ```JSX

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<Link url="https://help.shopify.com/manual">order fulfillment section</Link>
```

<!-- end -->

#### External links

> Use the `external` prop to make the link open in a new tab (or window, depending on the merchant’s browser settings). Opening new tabs is only recommended if opening the page in the same tab would disrupt what the merchant is currently doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `external` prop to make the link open in a new tab (or window, depending on the merchant’s browser settings). Open a page in a new tab only when opening a page in the same tab might disrupt the merchant’s workflow.
```

To make the external link functionality clear to all merchants:

> - Use the [icon component](/components/images-and-icons/icon) to add the `external` icon to the link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the [icon component](/components/images-and-icons/icon) to add the `external` icon to the link
```

> - Use the `accessibilityLabel` on the icon prop to include the warning about opening a new tab in the button text for non-visual screen reader users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the `accessibilityLabel` on the icon prop to include the warning about opening a new tab in the button text for non-visual screen reader users
```

### Keyboard support

Links use browser defaults for keyboard interaction.

> - Give links keyboard focus with the `tab` key (or `shift` + `tab` when tabbing backwards).

Author: ```suggestion
- Give links keyboard focus with the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards).
```

> - Give links keyboard focus with the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Give links keyboard focus with the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards)
```

> - Activate links with the `enter`/`return` key.

Author: ```suggestion
- Activate links with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key.
```

> - Activate links with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Activate links with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key
```
